hey he's dead with the Shepherd school
it's the day before of Mother's Day that
one or so in the morning wife's asleep
and I wanted to surprise her and I'm
gonna make some pineapple upside-down
cake he'll ever you know my wife tried
to die I try to get a little healthier
want me to get a little bit healthier
and if I made her whole cakes you might
get a little upset so we're gonna make
individually portioned pineapple
upside-down cake and what I've got
there's some tuna cans some cleaning
doubt washed outs tuna cans because you
know tuna and cake don't to taste it go
great together and basically they're
just greased and floured all right and
then I've got some pineapples whole
slices some maraschino cherries some
molasses which you don't have to use
that and then I've got some cake mix
okay and all I'm gonna do
just like regular pineapple upside-down
cake is we're going put
pineapple slice in each to Kingdom
while my oven is being preheated to
about 325
[Music]
I'm gonna send you those up a little bit
and just because
this is a lecture you don't have to do
the head
not even church a good idea
now with your mix your only want to fill
it about two-thirds of the way full
because it's gonna expand
[Music]
okay now what I'm gonna do is cook this
for about 25 or 30 minutes and then
we'll come back and see what it looks
like
okay there they are after coming out of
the oven we're just gonna flip them
upside down on to the plate and there we
go our individual tuna can
Mother's Day pineapple upside-down cake
so there we go
hopefully that's helpful to you until
next time you know let's get some up WAB
divvied up teen gun